l2 geth: feat `debug_ingestTransactions` (#853)
ethereum-optimism/optimism: .changeset/khaki-walls-sin.md

---
'@eth-optimism/l2geth': patch
---

> Adds the `eth_debugIngestTransactions` endpoint that takes a list of RPC transactions and applies each of them to the state sequentially. This is useful for testing purposes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adds the `debug_ingestTransactions` endpoint that takes a list of RPC transactions and applies each of them to the state sequentially. This is useful for testing purposes
```
